
# Business Overview

promptly as domestic U.S. companies with securities registered under the U.S. Exchange Act. See "Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Shares — As a foreign private issuer in the United States, we are exempt from certain disclosure requirements under the U.S. Exchange Act, which may afford less protection to holders of our ADSs than they would enjoy if we were a domestic U.S. company." Copies of our periodic reports, financial statements and other information, once filed with the SEC, can be read and copied at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 and at the SEC's regional offices in New York, New York and Chicago, Illinois. You can also request copies of these documents, upon payment of a duplicating fee, by writing information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room. The SEC also maintains an Internet website at *http://www.sec.gov* that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our annual report and some of the other information submitted by us to the SEC may be accessed through this website. Such information can also be found on our investor relations website at *https://www.alibabagroup.com/en-US/investor-relations*.

As an issuer listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we are subject to the periodic reporting and other disclosure requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Such disclosure includes our annual report, which should be published within four months after the end of each fiscal year. Our periodic reports, results announcement, financial statements and other information required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules are published and made available on our investor relations website at *https://www.alibab agroup.com/en-US/investor-relations* and the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at *https://www.hkexnews.hk*.

## Weighted Voting Rights

We have one class of Shares, and each holder of our Shares is entitled to one vote per Share. Pursuant to our Articles of Association, for so long as the Partnership Condition (as defined in our Articles of Association) is satisfied, the Alibaba Partnership has the exclusive right to nominate or, in limited situations, appoint, up to a simple majority of the members of our board of directors. These rights are categorized as a weighted voting rights structure, or WVR structure, under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As a result, we are deemed as a company with a WVR structure.

Alibaba Partnership will remain in place for the life of the partnership unless our Articles of Association are amended to provide otherwise by a vote of shareholders representing at least 95% of shares that vote at a shareholders meeting. The nomination rights of the Alibaba Partnership will remain in place notwithstanding a change of control or merger of our Company. For the names and information of our current partners and further details of the Alibaba Partnership, please see "Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Directors and Senior Management – Alibaba Partnership" in this annual report.

Shareholders and prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies with a WVR structure, in particular, the Alibaba Partnership limits the ability of our shareholders to nominate and elect directors, and the interests of the Alibaba Partnership may conflict with the interests of our shareholders. For further information about the risks associated with our WVR structure, please see "Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure" in this annual report. Prospective investors should make the decision to invest in us only after due and careful consideration.




### Exclusive Services Agreements

Under the Enhanced VIE Structure, each relevant VIE has entered into an exclusive service agreement with the respective subsidiary, pursuant to which our relevant subsidiary provides exclusive services to the VIE. In exchange, the VIE pays a service fee to our subsidiary, the amount of which shall be determined, to the extent permitted by applicable PRC laws as proposed by our subsidiary, resulting in a transfer of substantially all of the profits from the VIE to our subsidiary.

The exclusive call option agreements described above also entitle our subsidiary to all profits, distributions or dividends (after deduction of relevant tax expenses) to be received by the VIE equity holder, and the following amounts, to the extent in excess of the original registered capital that they contributed to the VIE (after deduction of relevant tax expenses) to be received by each VIE equity holder: (i) proceeds from the transfer of its equity interests in the VIE, (ii) proceeds received in connection with a capital decrease in the VIE, and (iii) distributions or liquidation residuals from the disposal of its equity interests in the VIE upon termination or liquidation.

In the opinion of Fangda Partners, our PRC legal counsel:

• the ownership structures of the representative VIEs in China and our corresponding subsidiaries do not and will not violate any applicable PRC law, regulation, or rule currently in effect; and

• the contractual arrangements between the representative VIEs, the VIE holders and our corresponding subsidiaries governed by PRC laws are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms and applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations currently in effect, and will not violate any applicable PRC law, regulation, or rule currently in effect.

However, we have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel, Fangda Partners, that there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, the possibility that the PRC regulatory authorities and PRC courts may in the future take a view that is contrary to the opinion of our PRC legal counsel cannot be ruled out. We have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel that if the PRC government finds that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our business do not comply with PRC government restrictions on foreign investment in the aforesaid business we engage in, we could be subject to severe penalties including being prohibited from continuing operations. See "Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure."